Dear Sashank,
I have been thinking of talking to you but then couldn't muster up guts after having heard you.
I know, you must be wondering if this still holds a chance to even talk/ discuss. And since it pertains to us, you are the only person whom I wish to share this with.
I know, it’s been a while but I cannot stop thinking about this whole thing and somehow don't want to buy any of your reasons that you have stated to me, Sashank.
A part of me strongly feels that there is lot of scope here and the best is yet to come.

Knowing you on that one fine day got me everything that I ever wanted. Few stories don't need telling as they just happen and ours was one such.
I have no idea on how or whether this was discussed within your family but I'd request please don't give up on me..on us!!
I'll not force you to explain the reasons because I kind of understood your apprehensions about me. Also, to get to some conclusions you ought to give us some more time.
Knowing each other gradually is the beautiful thing that can happen through arranged marriage? Remember?
My idea of expression is to not hold you responsible but to go about certain things (like our conversations) which happened for a reason and I believe that they don't repeat very often. It brought me immense happiness.

Am unable to sink in with the fact or rather want to know from you if our initial conversations turned into some kind of obligations later by any means?
Please don't brush this away by saying you understood what I want which is different from what you do. I know myself and I have seen that lot of thoughts which came out during our conversations , made me realize I could get much more better and give away so much to make 'us' happen.
I know I might have sounded little ambitious but turns out I want it differently. How differently has no definition at the moment but may be on lines of "Everything you can imagine is real".
I want to give away things, selflessly knowing there is somebody who is banking on me to have a life together. As in if I were able to compromise my beliefs to make this happen, it will come very selflessly, really. Am sure you'd back me up at every possibility. All I am asking is for loads of love and care.
It has and always been the motivation that has kept my spirits alive and to talk to you this way again. Well, that's the kind of transformation which I wanted to see in myself and can clearly picture it with you.
These 20 odd days of not-talking-to-you lead me into good amount of thinking so as to what I want for myself and what is it that I can do for you (in near future).
Some serious thoughts on marriage had unleashed a swirl of emotions in me, mixed ones...itni se hein zindagi..abhi nahi jeeya toh kya jeeya?

I have been patient with myself and with whatever happened but now am so sure this is really a big deal for me ; cannot let go you for whatever reasons you have ,don't want to lose my emotions so easy!
For the matter of fact, all our conversations are running continuously on back of my mind and won’t budge to stop, true here and do believe my instincts that things/ people happen for a reason.

Sure, I can understand the cultural differences that might challenge us in bringing us together but I want to give up everything to assure you that it will be just for us if not anything else. And do wish to make plans with you.
Moreover, you have your own reasons to say why things might not work for us but please don't give up on me.
And if you wish to tell me things that you want me to change in me to be a better person. Please be rest assured that I will not take it negatively, am little different kind when it comes to taking critics.
Sashank,I have never had such a close call in my life making the most important decision by talking over phone/ whatsapp. I hope you did understand that everything that came back to you in turn (my reaction) was just my anguish and nothing else.

I do have a lot of questions in my mind but nothing against you because I want to understand your plight. I understand that it must have been equally hard to take a call by putting your emotions aside.
I don't believe in everything that I read on somebody's mind but do believe in reading between the lines, so that I can begin to see what it really means to me.
And if you must know, yes you have cast your spell on me and I don't want you to discontinue doing that<please>.
Wondering if why am I going so gaga over you? Trust me, there are so many things which I liked about you but don't feel like telling it because I want to be so mad at you. And at the same time my feelings for you take utmost importance and hence there is no more being mad about.
I believe that if there is something that you like about somebody which is worth appreciating but should not lose its worth because of few petty things < if it’s worth forgiving>.
Should never let them go.

Sashank, I am a simple girl, who wants to speak my mind rather than keeping things to myself only when I know it wouldn't harm.<Don't worry, I don't bring up too many things to bother others but get crazy at times.>
Personally I have had many responsibilities in last few years, perhaps I never anticipated had come into my plate later realized that it was for my own good/ exposure.
In this whole process of making others happy, being unhappy for myself, sacrificing little things when and then have got me talk only to the point. So, it might appear as if I am shooting words very straight but never ever did hurt anybody <you could talk to my friends indeed.>
I still doubt if I got very straight in putting things forward which had hurt you. Your gesture was warm, overwhelming and am aint used to it. Am sorry again.
Yeah, I have talked enough without knowing your state of mind as I want to take my chances here by talking it out. Wanting to wait more hoping you'd talk but realized this cannot wait anymore. Although, am still not sure if I were able to covey everything through this mail that I actually wanted to, may be am not done yet.
I know am being little selfish by forcefully telling you all this but am not bothered about that. As they say, when you know its right..it is right. Everything that comes post that is just adjustments. Right about you, right about us.

May be its time for you to say something <something nice>.Waiting to hear from you with all due respect to the priorities that you must have at this moment.
Take care.



Anusha..


SH23888676

 
 
 http://www.astrosage.com/cloud/matchmakingoutput.asp
 
 http://www.askganesa.com/services/free_horoscope/gun-milan-new1.aspx
 
 